#### Overview of core libraries
A core library is one that is depended on by the base omni-runtime library.  
Core libraries are specified in the map returned by LibraryLoader::getTargets().  
The key is the file name to search for. Any .so file in the `:` separated paths specified by the LD_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable will be checked against these strings and matched if the file name equals any of the keys. Omni-runtime requires a minimum version of these core libraries and a version check function exists for each of them. Only files deemed to satisfy the minimum version are used, and an error is emitted for any libraries that do not exist or do not have a required version in LD_LIBRARY_PATH. Various methods can be used to check the version of a .so library. For Jemalloc and vector, method symbols are exposed that return the version. For the standard C++ library, it is assumed that the version is also in the file name.

#### Adding a core library
A core library can be added by adding an entry in the map returned by LibraryLoader::getTargets().  
The entry's key is usually the name of the library. LD_LIBRARY_PATH will be searched for any .so files whos file name excluding the extension matches any keys. For example, using `libjemalloc` as the key will match both of `libjemalloc.so` and `libjemalloc.so.2` but not `jemalloc.so` as candidates for the library. The value is a CoreLibrary object containing the library name, minimum version, and a function pointer to check the version of a file matching the key. If the minimum version is not specified, it is assumed to be 1.0. Omni-runtime will load in the first file that matches the key and whos version as determined by the version check function is equal to or newer than the minimum version.

#### Overview of extra libraries
Extra libraries are those that are depended on by extra functionality implemeneted by external developers. Extra libraries are searched for in the `:` separated paths specified by the OMNI_LIBRARY_PATH environment variable. Unlike core libraries, files whos full name contain any of the extra library strings will be candidates to be loaded in, and the version is automatically assumed to be adequate. An error will be emitted for any extra libraries specified that could not be found.

#### Adding an extra library
An extra library can be added by adding an entry to the extra_dependencies.txt file currently located in /opt/lib. The file is a line break delimited list of entry dependencies. The first file encountered in OMNI_LIBRARY_PATH whos name includes the contents of the library string will be loaded in as that library. For instance, using `vector` as the library string will match all of `vector.so`, `libvector.so`, and `libvector.so.2`.